# IMDB Movie Rating Finder - User Guide

## What This Program Does
This program helps you find movies on IMDB based on their ratings! It's like having a personal movie assistant that can find all movies within your preferred rating range. For example, you can find all movies rated between 8 and 10, or between 4 and 6 - it's up to you!

## Requirements Before Running
Before you start, you'll need to install some special tools. Don't worry, it's easy! Just follow these steps:

1. Make sure you have Python installed on your computer
2. Open your terminal/command prompt and run these commands one by one:
   ```
   pip install asyncio
   pip install aiohttp
   pip install beautifulsoup4
   pip install playwright
   ```
3. After installing playwright, run this extra command:
   ```
   playwright install
   ```

## Step-by-Step Instructions

### 1. Starting the Program
1. Open your terminal/command prompt
2. Go to the folder containing `imdb_scraper.py`
3. Type: `python imdb_scraper.py` and press Enter

### 2. Using the Program
When the program starts, you'll need to:

1. Enter a minimum rating given in the question (0-10)
   - For example: type `7.5` if you want movies rated 7.5 or higher
   
2. Enter a maximum rating given in the question(0-10)
   - For example: type `10` if you want movies up to rating 10

That's it! The program will do the rest automatically! 🎬

### 3. Getting Your Results
- The program will automatically search for movies
- It will create a file called `movies.json` in the same folder
- This file will contain all the movies it found with:
  - Movie title
  - Year
  - IMDB rating
  - IMDB ID

## Common Problems and Solutions

### If the program shows an error:
1. Check your internet connection
2. Make sure you installed all the required packages
3. Try running the program again
4. Make sure you're entering valid numbers between 0 and 10

### If you can't find the results:
- Look for a file called `movies.json` in the same folder as the program
- You can open this file with any text editor (like Notepad)


### If movie titles or years don't match exactly:
- This is normal and expected! Movie titles and years can vary slightly between different regions and different runs
- Simply copy the results you get and use those in your answer
- The core data (ratings, etc.) will still be accurate even if titles have minor differences

For example:
- Your results might show "The Dark Knight (2008)"
- While the question shows "Dark Knight, The (2008)" 
- Update what the error shows on the page

## Need More Help?
If you're still having trouble:
1. Make sure all packages are installed correctly
2. Try running the program a few times
3. Check that you entered the rating numbers correctly
4. Verify your internet connection is working


